README.md, before:

# LeetCode-Golang

## Array

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0053](Array/0053.maximum-subarray/README.md) | Maximum Subarray | easy |

## LinkedList

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0002](LinkedList/0002.add-two-numbers/README.md) | Add Two Numbers | Medium | 
| [0019](LinkedList/0019.remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/README.md) | Remove Nth Node From End of List | Medium |
| [0021](LinkedList/0021.merge-two-sorted-list/README.md) | Merge Two Sorted Lists | easy |
| [0024](LinkedList/0024.swap-nodes-in-pairs/README.md) | Swap Nodes in Pairs | Medium | 
| [0061](LinkedList/0061.rotate-list/README.md) | Rotate List | Medium | 
| [0082](LinkedList/0082.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/README.md) | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II | Medium 
| [0083](LinkedList/0083.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/README.md) | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List  | easy |
| [0086](LinkedList/0086.partition-list/README.md) | Partition List | Medium | 
| [0092](LinkedList/0092.reverse-linked-list-ii/README.md) | Reverse Linked List II | Medium | 
| [0138](LinkedList/0138.copy-list-with-random-pointer/README.md) | Copy List with Random Pointer | Medium | 
| [0141](LinkedList/0141.linked-list-cycle/README.md) | Linked List Cycle | easy |
| [0160](LinkedList/0160.intersection-of-two-linked-lists/README.md) | Intersection of Two Linked Lists | easy |
| [0203](LinkedList/0203.remove-linked-list-elements/README.md) | Remove Linked List Elements | easy | 
| [0206](LinkedList/0206.reverse-linked-list/README.md) | Reverse Linked List | easy | 
| [0234](LinkedList/0234.palindrome-linked-list/README.md) | Palindrome Linked List | easy | 
| [0237](LinkedList/0237.delete-node-in-a-linked-list/README.md) |  Delete Node in a Linked List | easy | 
| [0876](LinkedList/0876.middle-of-the-linked-list/README.md) | Middle of the Linked List | easy | 
| [1290](LinkedList/1290.convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/README.md) | Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer | easy |

## Map

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0001](Map/0001.two-sum/README.md) | Two Sum | easy | 
| [0136](Map/0136.single-number/README.md) | Single Number | easy |

## Queue

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0933](Queue/0933.number-of-recent-calls/README.md) | Number of Recent Calls | easy |

## Stack

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0020](Stack/0020.valid-parentheses/README.md) | Valid Parentheses | easy |
| [0155](Stack/0155.min-stack/README.md) |  Min Stack | easy | 
| [0225](Stack/0225.implement-stack-using-queues/README.md) | Implement Stack using Queues | easy | 
| [0232](Stack/0232.implement-queue-using-stacks/README.md) | Implement Queue using Stacks | easy |
| [0496](Stack/0496.next-greater-element-i/README.md) | Next Greater Element I | easy |
| [0682](Stack/0682.baseball-game/README.md) | Baseball Game | easy | 
| [0844](Stack/0844.backspace-string-compare/README.md) | Backspace String Compare | easy | 
| [1021](Stack/1021.remove-outermost-parentheses/README.md) | Remove Outermost Parentheses | easy | 
| [1047](Stack/1047.remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/README.md) | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String | easy |

## String

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0003](String/0003.longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/README.md) | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | Medium

Commit message:

add HashTable easy 6 and Greedy hard 1

README.md, after:

# LeetCode-Golang

## Array

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0053](Array/0053.maximum-subarray/README.md) | Maximum Subarray | easy |

## Greedy

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0045](Greedy/0045.jump-game-ii/) | Jump Game II | Hard |

## LinkedList

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0002](LinkedList/0002.add-two-numbers/README.md) | Add Two Numbers | Medium | 
| [0019](LinkedList/0019.remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/README.md) | Remove Nth Node From End of List | Medium |
| [0021](LinkedList/0021.merge-two-sorted-list/README.md) | Merge Two Sorted Lists | easy |
| [0024](LinkedList/0024.swap-nodes-in-pairs/README.md) | Swap Nodes in Pairs | Medium | 
| [0061](LinkedList/0061.rotate-list/README.md) | Rotate List | Medium | 
| [0082](LinkedList/0082.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/README.md) | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II | Medium 
| [0083](LinkedList/0083.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/README.md) | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List  | easy |
| [0086](LinkedList/0086.partition-list/README.md) | Partition List | Medium | 
| [0092](LinkedList/0092.reverse-linked-list-ii/README.md) | Reverse Linked List II | Medium | 
| [0138](LinkedList/0138.copy-list-with-random-pointer/README.md) | Copy List with Random Pointer | Medium | 
| [0141](LinkedList/0141.linked-list-cycle/README.md) | Linked List Cycle | easy |
| [0160](LinkedList/0160.intersection-of-two-linked-lists/README.md) | Intersection of Two Linked Lists | easy |
| [0203](LinkedList/0203.remove-linked-list-elements/README.md) | Remove Linked List Elements | easy | 
| [0206](LinkedList/0206.reverse-linked-list/README.md) | Reverse Linked List | easy | 
| [0234](LinkedList/0234.palindrome-linked-list/README.md) | Palindrome Linked List | easy | 
| [0237](LinkedList/0237.delete-node-in-a-linked-list/README.md) |  Delete Node in a Linked List | easy | 
| [0876](LinkedList/0876.middle-of-the-linked-list/README.md) | Middle of the Linked List | easy | 
| [1290](LinkedList/1290.convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/README.md) | Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer | easy |

## Map

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0001](Map/0001.two-sum/) | Two Sum | easy | 
| [0136](Map/0136.single-number/) | Single Number | easy |
| [0970](Map/0970.powerful-integers/) | Powerful Integers | easy |
| [1002](Map/1002.find-common-characters/)  |Find Common Characters | easy |
| [1078](Map/1078.occurrences-after-bigram/) |  Occurrences After Bigram | easy |
| [1160](Map/1160.find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters/) | Find Words That Can Be Formed by Characters | easy |
| [1189](Map/1189.maximum-number-of-balloons/) | Maximum Number of Balloons | easy |
| [1207](Map/1207.unique-number-of-occurrences/) | Unique Number of Occurrences | easy |

## Queue

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0933](Queue/0933.number-of-recent-calls/README.md) | Number of Recent Calls | easy |

## Stack

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0020](Stack/0020.valid-parentheses/README.md) | Valid Parentheses | easy |
| [0155](Stack/0155.min-stack/README.md) |  Min Stack | easy | 
| [0225](Stack/0225.implement-stack-using-queues/README.md) | Implement Stack using Queues | easy | 
| [0232](Stack/0232.implement-queue-using-stacks/README.md) | Implement Queue using Stacks | easy |
| [0496](Stack/0496.next-greater-element-i/README.md) | Next Greater Element I | easy |
| [0682](Stack/0682.baseball-game/README.md) | Baseball Game | easy | 
| [0844](Stack/0844.backspace-string-compare/README.md) | Backspace String Compare | easy | 
| [1021](Stack/1021.remove-outermost-parentheses/README.md) | Remove Outermost Parentheses | easy | 
| [1047](Stack/1047.remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/README.md) | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String | easy |

## String

| 题号 | 题目 | 难度 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [0003](String/0003.longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/README.md) | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | Medium
